= deskshot

* Homepage: https://rubygems.org/gems/deskshot

== DESCRIPTION:
Deskshot allows you to take screenshot of your desktop. You can
capture your favourite page by using opened window or by using
System tray icon. Mainly It is designed for Windows users.
but Yes, if your keyboard's 'Print Screen' key is not working
in Linux then It is for you also!


== FEATURES:

* Cross-platform App(Windows/Linux)[Haven't tested in Mac]
* Capture whole Screen
* Keyboard Shortcut

== REQUIREMENTS:

* You have to install JRuby if you already do not have. http://jruby.org/download


== INSTALL:

=== Gem Package

Install by running:

  gem install deskshot

=== Alternate Gem download:

* https://rubygems.org/gems/deskshot


== GETTING STARTED:

Step 1 : After installing gem, you can simply run following command in your Windows console/Linux Terminal to start Deskshot app

  irb -rdeskshot

Step 2 : To take screenshot, Follow File > Take Screenshot or by right clicking System Tray Icon.
  Shortcut : Ctrl + Alt + Q (keep your deskshot app on top while using shortcut)

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2014 Parth Bharadiya

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.